 1.5 ETSI M2Mhigh-level architecture
  This high-level architecture is a combination of both a functional and topological view
 showing some functional groups (FG) clearly associated with pieces of physical
 infrastructure (e.g. M2M Devices, Gateways).
  There are two main domains, a network domain and a device and gateway domain.
  The boundary between these conceptually separated domains is
 border between the physical devices and gateways and the physical
 infrastructure (Access network).
 the topological
 communication
 Fig-1.5 -ETSI M2M High Level Architecture
 The Device and Gateway Domain contains the following functional/topological
 entities:
  M2MDevice:
  This is the device of interest for an M2M scenario, for example, a device
 with a temperature sensor.
  AnM2MDevice contains M2M Applications and M2M Service Capabilities.
  AnM2Mdevice connects to the Network Domain either directly or through
 an M2M Gateway:
lOMoARcPSD|28549455
 •Direct connection: The M2M Device is capable of performing
 registration, authentication, authorization, management, and provisioning to
 the Network Domain. Direct connection also means that the M2M device
 contains the appropriate physical layer to be able to communicate with the
 Access Network.
 •Through one or more M2M Gateway: M2M device does not have the
 appropriate
 physical
 layer,
 compatible
 with
 the
 Access
 Network
 technology, and therefore it needs a network domain proxy. Moreover, a
 number of M2M devices may form their own local M2M Area Network that
 typically employs a different networking technology from the Access Network. The
 M2M Gateway acts as a proxy for the Network Domain and performs the procedures
 of authentication, authorization, management, and provisioning. An M2M Device could
 connect through multiple M2M Gateways.
  M2MAreaNetwork:
  This is a local area network (LAN) or a Personal Area Network (PAN) and
 provides connectivity between M2M Devices and M2M Gateways.
  Typical networking technologies are IEEE 802.15.1 (Bluetooth), IEEE
 802.15.4 (ZigBee, IETF 6LoWPAN/ROLL/CoRE), MBUS, KNX (wired or
 wireless) PLC,etc.
  M2MGateway:
  The device that provides connectivity for M2M Devices in an M2M Area
 Network towards the Network Domain.
  TheM2MGateway contains M2M Applications and M2M Service Capabilities.
  The M2M Gateway may also provide services to other legacy devices thatare
 not visible to the Network Domain.
 The Network Domain contains the following functional/topological entities:
  Access Network:
  This is the network that allows the devices in the Device and Gateway
 Domain to communicate with the Core Network.
  Example Access Network Technologies are fixed (xDSL, HFC) and
 wireless(Satellite, GERAN, UTRAN, E-UTRAN W-LAN, WiMAX).
  CoreNetwork:
  Examples of Core Networks are 3GPP Core Network and ETSI TISPAN
 CoreNetwork. It provides the following functions:
 • IP connectivity.
 • Service and Network control.
 • Interconnection with other networks.
 • Roaming.
lOMoARcPSD|28549455
  M2MService Capabilities:
  These are functions exposed to different M2M Applications through a set
 of openinterfaces.
  These functions use underlying Core Network functions, and their
 objective is to abstract the network functions for the sake of simpler
 applications.
  M2MApplications:
  These are the specific M2M applications (e.g. smart metering) that
 utilize theM2M Service Capabilities through the open interfaces.
  NetworkManagement Functions:
  These are all the necessary functions to manage the Access and Core
 Network (e.g. Provisioning, Fault Management, etc.).
  M2MManagement Functions:
  These are the necessary functions required to manage the M2M Service
 Capabilities on the Network Domain.
  There are two M2M Management functions:
 • M2MService Bootstrap Function (MSBF): The MSBF facilitatesthe
 bootstrapping of permanent M2M service layer security credentials in the
 M2MDevice or Gateway and the M2M Service Capabilities in the Network
 Domain.
 • M2MAuthentication Server (MAS): This is the safe execution
 environment where permanent security credentials such as the M2M Root Key
 are stored.
  Themost relevant entities in the ETSI M2M architecture are the M2M Nodes and M2M
 Applications.
  AnM2MNode can be a Device M2M,Gateway M2M,or Network M2M Node.
  An M2MApplication is the main application logic that uses the Service Capabilities to
 achieve the M2M system requirements.
lOMoARcPSD|28549455
 Fig 1.6-M2M Service Capabilities, M2M Nodes & Open Interfaces
  The application logic can be deployed on a Device (Device Application,
 Gateway(Gateway Application, GA) or Network (Network Application, NA).
 DA),
  The SCL (Service Capability Layer) is a collection of functions that are exposed
 through the open interfaces or reference points mIa, dIa, and mId (ETSI M2M TC
 2013b).
  Because the main topological entities that SCL can deploy are the Device,
 Gateway, and Network Domain, there are three types of SCL: DSCL (Device
 Service Capabilities Layer), GSCL (Gateway Service Capabilities Layer), and NSCL
 (Network ServiceCapabilities Layer).
  SCL functions utilize underlying networking capabilities through technology-specific
 interfaces.